I would not fit in my head that a game
has been in the market for more than 16 years
they can have such a weak security
for your users
today they planned to upload a
video related to the killer fit and
its addons since I had the most
of the material recorded since a
back then I just lacked
Marian aggravate access so
after several months he returned to enter
my character to find that my
set that cost me a lot of time and
effort valued roughly in about 3
millions of gold pieces are not
I found it in its place and that my account
bank did not have the amount of gold that
I left him the last time of course this
I was not surprised
in fact I must say that I expected it
but here's where the worrying thing is
it is sad that the biblical community
if it is still part mixed to it
let's be used to that security
of our accounts is violated with
ease although it is true that we have
the recovery key that is the key
what they give you when you create an account
with which you can recover it in
case of a robbery we do not have the time
Enough to be like nannies
waiting for someone to enter our
account to use the aforementioned key
most of the time we enter the
account and the items are no longer found
in her
I can bet what you want to
that most of those who are me
watching in this video has happened in
some time and they understand me the most
worrying is that certainly sir soft
does not offer an accessible way of
keep yourself protected just the fact
that they charge you real money for changing
the name of your account would put in cloth
of judgment the love that is supposed to
executives of the game have their audience
in other games, change the name to your
account is free lately has it
asked how it is that you check a
account since before or at least what
that I remember if you were a player of the
easy life is to say if you used bots
macros or multi client ran the risk
of being hacked because by those
programs the hackers and is that we can
call them that way they took your account
using a keylogger you have more than
a program that registers the keys that
you touch even the last time you reach
see one in action you could see the
victim's desk and close their
Will programs sound very pro
truth is not so much if you that you're
watching you want to do it you can do it
looking for a tutorial on the internet or
even here on youtube and just
cases of 12- year-old children who do
fast and easy as
it's certainly nothing
proof that immature people can
achieve this type of acts is the fact of
that often take your account
only for leisure and throw objects
to the diphoto to a river so that they pass to
directly affect the player in
a matter of time and effort without a
real reason or at least reasonable
then seen all this you think that
could do something ship shop to improve
your safety sincerely do you think that the
game safety is fine as well as
it is currently certainly this
video is not made with the intention of
offend only I want to express to
respect since it is such a usual subject
in the community that we take it for granted and
It should not be that way too, I have to
clarify that it is not the first time that
this happens or will it be the last
unfortunately as we want to see you
the next week in a warm video
I'll be all week trying
retrieve the items from my character to
be able to bring videos more easily
Excuse me if this lukewarm video was not
what they expected with the edition
stories and others I suppose in some
aspects in regard to warm
we must be used to expect what
worse for today is all remember that my
links you find them in the description
and that your comments are welcome
until after you have a good day
late or good night and do not steal them
your items as soon greetings